# How to contribute to 3DStreet

We welcome community contributions to 3DStreet.

## Release checklist for this repo:
- Bump the version on package.json & package-lock.json (for example from 0.4.1 to 0.4.2)
- Update CHANGELOG.md with "Major improvement" changes summary (low level commits will be automatically generated by github in a later step) you can see notes of changes since last release on [this view](https://github.com/3DStreet/3dstreet/releases/tag/0.4.1)
- Re-run npm run dist (rerun the build, it hardcodes the version into global var used for console log)
- Commit this all to the repo
- Create a new release here: https://github.com/3DStreet/3dstreet/releases/new. Choose a tag, type in the new version such as "0.4.2" and for the title simply use the new version such as "0.4.2". Click "generate release notes." Copy and paste the "Major improvements" from the above summary above the generated release notes below.
- Then to run npm publish after all github version stuff works

## Contribution Instructions
* fork the repo
* make your contribution
* make sure to do check for linting and unit test:
* `npm run lint` should have no errors. You can try `npm run lint:fix` to automatically fix errors. sometimes you need to manually fix the errors
* `npm run test` should return all passing or pending, no failures. See below for how to handle test failures
* If linting and tests all pass, then create a pull request to merge into main 3dstreet repo with a description of the changes and a link to an associated issue if any.
* Notify us on the 3dstreet discord if you don't hear a reply within a few days or want a faster review

### If failed test:
* Either change your code so that the test passes once again, or
* You might need to update the tests

### About 3DStreet test

A small portion of 3dstreet code is tested. All of this code lives in this directory [/src/tested/](https://github.com/3DStreet/3dstreet/tree/main/src/tested)

When running `npm run test` it uses tests located in [this directory /test](https://github.com/3DStreet/3dstreet/tree/main/test). 

If you have made changes to code that has test coverage, you will need to update the corresponding test in that directory.

## License for contributed works
3DStreet license information can be found here: [LICENSE](https://github.com/3DStreet/3dstreet/blob/main/LICENSE)

We follow the GitHub terms of service for assigning your contributed code the same license as this repository. Those terms are pasted here for convenience, [here is a direct link to GitHub's terms](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/github-terms/github-terms-of-service#6-contributions-under-repository-license
).

> Whenever you make a contribution to a repository containing notice of a license, you license your contribution under the same terms, and you agree that you have the right to license your contribution under those terms. If you have a separate agreement to license your contributions under different terms, such as a contributor license agreement, that agreement will supersede.

> Isn't this just how it works already? Yep. This is widely accepted as the norm in the open-source community; it's commonly referred to by the shorthand "inbound=outbound". We're just making it explicit.
